Add UI information about AAQ operator (#111679)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-understanding-aaq-operator.adoc

AAQ provides quota enforcement designed for virtualization workloads:

Kubernetes ResourceQuota:: Measures and enforces resource limits at the pod level. When applied to VMs, it measures the entire VM pod's resource consumption, including hypervisor overhead and pod infrastructure, which does not reflect actual VM resource allocation.

Application Aware Quota (AAQ):: Extends ResourceQuota functionality to accurately measure and enforce VM resource consumption. AAQ understands the virtualization layer and can measure actual virtual CPU and memory allocated to VMs, separate from pod overhead.

AAQ supports two types of quotas:

Project-scoped quotas:: Apply resource limits to a specific namespace or project. These are the most common use case for virtualization workloads.

Cluster-scoped quotas:: Apply resource limits across the entire cluster. These are useful for advanced scenarios where you need cluster-wide resource enforcement.

When you enable AAQ, you must configure a quota calculation method. This setting determines how AAQ measures VM resource consumption across your cluster:

> Virtual resources:: Measures the actual virtual CPU and memory allocated to VMs, excluding the VM pod runtime resource consumption.

Author: ```suggestion
Virtual resources:: Measures only the virtual CPU and memory allocated to virtual machines (VMs), excluding pod runtime overhead. This is the default option for virtualization workloads.
```

> Virtual Machine Instance (VMI) pod usage:: Measures the total resource consumption of the VM pod, including both VM and pod runtime resource consumption.

Author: ```suggestion
Virtual Machine Instance (VMI) pod usage:: Measures the total virtual CPU and memory consumption of the VM pod, including both the virtual machine and pod runtime overhead.
```

> Dedicated virtual resources:: Measures dedicated CPU and memory resources assigned to VMs. Use this option for pinned or reserved compute scenarios.

Reviewer: Maybe mention here that it tracks VM and Pod separately, like mentioned in [virt-enabling-aaq-operator.adoc](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/111679/changes#diff-46fdb9c79c01f52dead1dcc8ab9555e58865266462bb888a64cde81c5e7b4573)

Author: ```suggestion
Dedicated virtual resources:: Measures the virtual CPU and memory resources assigned to virtual machines and their associated pods, tracking quota usage separately for each type.
```
